basically every other player and rider
kind of looks up to me okay yeah so Marc
Merrill Brandon Beck those guys look up
to you yes well I'm joined right now on
week four for a what I would consider
upset interview F coverage presented by
Omni slash so you don't think it wasn't
upset so you guys were five one they
were three three but you don't think it
you think this was expected we were one
v naught five so yeah yeah one five yes
but they didn't deserve their three
three shut them you know yes why didn't
they deserve it and we didn't deserve
our one five what did you very curious
what do you think both of these teams
deserve we deserve the three three and a
five now I know you know it's correcting
itself
so it's now two five and three four so
we're on our way to what is that what is
the ultimate deserve we're with the
balance beam should you be four and four
and they should be we should we should
be falling for and they should be three
and two and six
to be fair so they take away like I
don't think that's a point system we'll
see okay right can you know do their
time break shit you know Connell break
yeah guerrilla break back so last week
and take the game away from them i I
didn't know that that was her own opaque
is really getting the technology evolved
in that features really evolving these
days
all right lemon you and I have not
talked since you joined optic you part
of that old school squad of cloud nine
members that have now just just in the
wind of the LCS all over scattered
across and now you find yourself on
optic what's it like playing on optic
because you're not this is like kind of
brand new crew for you right mm-hmm
I mean it's the first time I haven't
played you know with my fuckin teammates
eyeballs you know my crew basically here
yeah so but I got a new crew they're
pretty cool so it's working out yeah
yeah what is good we got all we got four
to five of the original cloud9 just
playing you know all on different teams
or just
mr. balls who I'm representing by the
way wearing this wristband we're yeah is
that a flight what is whose wristband Oh
is a cloud nine women I mean why would
it anyway my point is listen listen
let's talk about you and and now that
you're an optic how different is this
team from the teams that you've been on
in the past because that old-school
cloud 9 team had this very subtle troll
humor and vibe but optic has got you got
a guy from Europe on the team you've got
Acadian who's posted shirtless pics of
his his abs and pecs on on Instagram
this is a different thing you know I
wouldn't have seen that on cloud nine so
how is this different we've got a
fucking Canadian yeah I don't know I
mean it's just uh it's just new people
they're all pretty true honestly so it's
not different I mean it's it's not that
different honestly yeah how do you feel
okay so a couple years ago you took a
split off you retired and you're a coach
and you came back which is cloud9
classic and during that time I
interviewed xmithie and I was like
explain that you're the oldest guy in
the NA LCS and he was like what and he
was shocked at this revelation you are
on the older end I think maybe the
oldest member of the LCS do you ever
think about that
yeah I mean when I came back actually it
I talked to xmithie and he's like I'm
the oldest he still thought he was the
oldest
I guess cuz of all you said he didn't
realize me coming back took that away
from him you know took the crown I would
say made me proud yes it's a fucking
crown it's important you know being the
oldest I'm basically like I'm the elder
king of LCS I would say if that makes
sense yes I think it makes a lot of
sense I can't think of anything that
makes more sense and you call yourself
the elder king of the LCS do you do you
does that put you in an interesting
position well you know there's a players
association now I mean I would say that
basically every other player and Ryder
kind of looks up to me okay
yeah so Marc Merrill Brandon Beck those
guys look up to you yes okay that's good
that's good that's nice that you've got
that senior situation I try to be a good
you know role model for them how long
will you keep playing honestly I really
enjoy playing so I think as long as I'm
good enough to continue playing as long
as I
I put in the time I don't fucking slack
off get a wife that kind of shit you
know or those synonymous in your mind
getting a life is slacking off yeah
honestly yeah do you is do you have to
guard guard against getting a wife at
all is this something or you're like
there's a threat here of getting a life
and I have to actively make sure that
doesn't happen I mean it's just
something that you have to avoid right
you know I mean sometimes wives come be
just got to push him away well glad
you're avoiding that sure that is a
difficulty for you there is an
assumption I think within the gaming
eSports world especially like fgc seems
to defy this but everybody else thinks
people get older they get less good at
video games do you feel like that's true
that as you're getting older your
response rate is declining or your
ability to like keep up with the younger
bucks as it were in the LCS is going
away I would say that eventually that is
an issue but not at this age I think a
bigger issue is just that as you become
kind of like this age a lot of people
get distracted with wives and with you
know like other just other things
basically like they don't want to just
play video games you know prettier you
know 18 hours a fucking day yeah like I
mean we can talk a little bit about this
I remember I feel like this happened to
high I feel like high in a relationship
couldn't make it to Paris for all-stars
way back in like 2014 and what do this
long yes yeah I know I'm not saying it
was the girlfriend I'm just saying both
these things happen around the same time
okay and that afterwards he started to
kind of evaluate like you don't remember
that he went out and like he I felt like
I wanted to like he had a girlfriend
when we first we when we started
yes and they broke up my point I need to
finish this thought okay hang on I'm
almost there okay so he had major life
changes and for him it seemed like he
wanted he started to evaluate like okay
I'm putting all my life into this is
there other things I want to do now
ultimately he decided to stay in league
of Legends and keep doing all the stuff
but I remember that is like an
inflection point in my mind where I saw
hi suddenly start to get interested in
other stuff interestingly things he was
interested in were like losing his long
chillin at the hospital no I'm saying
those two events those were both to
trigger events really interested in them
no no those were the two trigger events
that made him contemplate stuff that's
how I perceived it on the outside it
wasn't like he thought these are the two
same thing like both ending a
relationship and ending up in the
hospital and missing a major event those
led him to contemplate life differently
and consider his role in the LCS yes he
did consider retirement too coming back
a few times that kind of thing I'm not
sure if those honestly I never kind of
made that connection that these big life
events kind of made him reevaluate or
anything like that maybe I'm wrong then
but what about you you were retired did
you just try to come back yeah I retired
to become a coach and then played
amateur got back in playing it happens
retirement
into a mature into LCS is a thing that
happens well why did you decide to come
back because you you could have gone off
and had this wonderful life you could
have had a wife I could have had a wife
I could have had children I could have
had a fucking life instead I'm here
playing fucking video games all day why
did you decide to do that
I like playing Viking video games all
day did you and was this a decision
where you got out there you had this
free time and suddenly you were like
actually this is overrated get me back
on stage I tried the whole wife thing
didn't work a divorce yeah it wasn't my
thing you know the more the life thing
the life stick did you did you you are
the hardest person to interview in the
LCS
did you yeah did you just you had an
opportunity there to have more free time
and have a more balanced lifestyle
you opted out of it I get I get the
question other people might like having
those kind of like a life yeah but it's
not for me it's not my thing that's good
okay finally let's just go to a safe
place so I can get this interview done
with optic you guys one on the analyst
test or sorry on the castor desk at the
end they were talking about like this
feels like you guys looked really solid
I think a lot of people expect to see
lose win but you guys came out with the
win this could be the beginning of a
turnaround for optic do you think that's
the case have you guys sort of
stabilized is everything gonna move and
we'll start to see optic rise up the
ranks honestly I would be surprised if
we ever lost another game okay okay
there's a bold answer white why do you
feel that way lemon why do you have such
confidence I mean I'm just looking
historically we haven't lost today so
using that as a what was your you have a
masters I do yeah what is your master's
in its in computer science okay and and
I I got that and then I've immediately
went into pro gaming and I've never used
that and I don't know if you're using it
today in this evaluation of your chances
of going undefeated forever I mean I
haven't wrote a program but I assume the
program wouldn't back me up we'll just
leave it though is there anything that
you would like to say to any of the fans
out there no you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel hey
thanks so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed the interview brought you
brought to you by Omni slash me you can
check out so but nobody knows who you
are yet okay you can check out my
coverage be sure to subscribe to my
youtube channel right here